bpo-35293: Remove RemovedInSphinx40Warning (#22198)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2020-09-12-17-37-13.bpo-35293._cOwPD.rst

> Remove RemovedInSphinx40Warning when building sphinx. Patch by Dong-hee Na.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix RemovedInSphinx40Warning when building the documentation. Patch by Dong-hee Na.
```
